Welcome to Movie Shortens.
Follow us today to a movie titled: It came
from the desert.
Be aware, there are spoilers!
In 1951, a meteorite, carrying a mysterious
DNA, fell to the Earth.
The DNA was used to conduct Secret experiments
on ants and spiders through a military laboratory.
However, the facility soon became overrun
by the mutated giant ants.
They killed all of the soldiers during an
outbreak.
Meanwhile outside of the base, there are two
mining workers planning to steal copper from
the facility.
Their greed is soon extinguished by the bloodthirsty
ants.
The two men get killed tragically as they
enter a cave.
Elsewhere in a nearby town, a mechanic named
Brian is obsessed with “The Eradicator”,
the film-star of a long running franchise
about bug-killing.
He fantasizes about being like the hero one
day.
Just then, his best friend Lukas enters, informing
Brian that he just won a big competition.
The two teens are both brilliant motocrossers.
To celebrate, the friends are heading into
the New Mexico desert for a weekend of racing
and partying.
They’re happy in their own little world
and ignore the missing persons posters that
are popping up around town.
They invite Brian’s secret crush, Lisa who
is clever and brilliant.
Along the way, Lukas gives private time to
Brian and Lisa.
Lukas takes his dirtbike out which has been
attached to the back of the car.
Lukas and two friends make an incredible race
through the desert.
The desert party looks like a fantastic time.
Lukas and Brian have a drink from a friend
who’s created a cool homemade alcohol dispenser.
During the party, Brian feels too shy to speak
to Lisa and has troubles with showing his
feelings.
Lukas tries to push him to work up the nerve
to approach her.
However, a guy interrupts Brian just before
he can make his move.
Disappointed in himself, Brian leaves the
crowd and starts to wander away.
Later, Lukas joins him attempting to cheer
him up.
At the edge of the cliff, Brian complains
about littering to Lukas, then he finds a
secret cave just below.
They find the way down and finally get to
an abandoned facility.
Seeing that the fence is broken, Lukas can’t
resist the temptation to explore the area.
Though Brian thinks it is not a good idea
to do so.
During this time, Lisa ventures out to find
the two boys.
In the facility, Lukas becomes more curious
and begins poking around in some abandoned
rooms.
Brian becomes timid, and repeatedly tells
Lukas to head back to the party.
As the two enter into a lab room, they find
it covered in some web-like texture.
Lukas reaches his hand towards what looks
like a cocoon on the floor as he notices it
is gelatinous and has a disgusting smell.
As the two become nauseous, they notice a
camera on the ceiling.
Suddenly, a loud noise is heard.
As they return to the big room, they come
across a gigantic ant, which quickly scares
them away.
The two hide in a kitchen.
Right at this time, Lisa makes a phone call
to Lukas.
The two explain to Lisa what they have seen
and ask her to find others to assist them.
However, as he begins to explain the way to
the facility, his phone runs out of battery.
Worried and tense, Lukas and Brian decide
to fight back the creature to get out of the
base.
Unfortunately, a shelf falls down, creating
a noise, this draws a monster into the kitchen.
The boys hold their breath, attempting to
hide from the huge ant.
Just then, it leaves as is it finds nothing.
The two share a quick joyful moment as Lukas
opens a beer.
However, the ant again is triggered by a smell.
It rushes back into the room chasing the boys.
Seeing Lukas is nearly attacked, Brian distracts
the creature, luring it to follow him to the
front door.
He quickly closes the door, hoping to block
the ant behind it.
However, the mutant ant manages to grab Brian
with one of its long legs.
Lukas tries to pull Brian back.
In the middle of the tension, Lisa comes in
to rescue them by stabbing the animal to death
with an axe.
For now, they realize the gelatinous substance
found earlier is actually the blood of ants.
This will send the signal to attract other
ants.
As predicted, more of the mutant creatures
gather around the dead ant.
The trio flee away and end up in an observatory
room, where they find footage from a scientist
named Renard.
He briefs anyone who watches this video about
the secret experiment that’s happened in
the past.
He reveals that the mutant ants require ethanol
to mate and to reproduce.
The friends must race back to the party, before
the ants get loaded on their booze and unleash
a wave of terror upon the town.
At the party, everyone is watching and shouting
out to a stripper.
A young man runs back to the bar to get some
more beer, then notices a beer container being
dragged away.
He slowly checks on it and finds an oversized
ant killing the beer.
The man is then smashed in the head, killed
by the ant.
It turns out the party has drawn the attention
of the giant beasts.
They quickly invade the racing party goers
and attack them.
A few escape on their dirt bikes.
Others manage to run away in the chaos while
a few of them choose to hide in their vehicle,
but they can’t fight against the onslaught
of the oversized ants.
When the trio come back to the party, they
find that no one has survived.
They get into a car and try to get back to
town to alert the authorities.
Suddenly, an ant attacks them from behind.
The friends quickly jump on their bikes and
ride away.
Brian and Lisa share a bike as Lukas rides
alone.
As Brian is about to jump over a gap, Lisa
stops him saying it’s too dangerous.
For the first time, Lisa has a chance to express
her true feelings for Brian.
It turns out Lisa also has a crush on Brian
and no one else as Brian was afraid of.
This makes him really happy, but it doesn’t
last too long.
Lisa is then captured by a giant ant.
Lukas arrives, giving Brian a ride to find
her.
They approach a dark cave, eventually leading
to the ants nest.
They realize that the ants have wrapped their
prey up in the webbing, just like mummies.
Brian finally finds Lisa’s web and tries
to awaken her, but the cocoon appears to be
tough and hard to break.
Just then, some beasts appear as they see
their food is being stolen.
A number of gunshots are heard and the ants
are killed from a mysterious shooter.
They soon realize it is Dr Renard, who first
appears on the video they watched in the military
lab.
He tells the two friends that to cut open
the cocoon, they must use a specialized tool,
which is now back at the base.
Later, he joins Brian and Lukas to go back
to the facility, attempting to rescue their
friends as quickly as possible.
On the way, Renard gives the boys a map showing
a secret defense system.
Unfortunately, he is stabbed by a beast before
he can give further explanation.
Brian and Lukas are terrified and run away.
The two decide to dodge and fight back against
the mutants as time is running out.
Following the map, they learn that the weapon
won’t fire at an individual, it is only
designed to fire at a pack of monsters.
They eventually find a secret way to get to
the prototype weapons, using a switch designed
in the form of a beer.
They also explore the tool designed to cut
the cocoons and protect themselves with special
armor.
In the back of the base, they find two dirt
bikes, which seemingly match perfectly with
their outfits.
The two head back to the nest right away.
By using the special tool, they cut off the
webbing and release their friends, including
Lisa.
Lukas decides to stay in the cave to rescue
others.
Brian takes Lisa first, attempting to lure
the colony of ants towards the prototype weapons.
As expected, the weapons fire at the ants
and destroy them all.
The couple is satisfied with the plan, thinking
that they have eliminated all the beasts.
However, the queen ant suddenly appears at
the top of the mountain.
Brian quickly rides off, avoiding the attack.
At the edge of the cliff, Lisa now encourages
Brian to jump the gap.
With a sweet kidd, Brain is able to make it
to the other side.
As the bike plunges into the canyon, the couple
find an abandoned car and decide to flee with
it.
However, the giant queen manages to hold off
the car by releasing her web.
Lisa has no choice but to draw the weapon
opening fire at the queen.
A perfect shot to the head, the beast wails
in utter pain and dives off into the cliff.
Luckily, Brian and Lisa jump out of the car
before it is pulled along with the beast.
The queen is then destroyed in the explosion.
Lisa and Brian give a long kiss, cementing
their win.
Meanwhile back in the nest, Lukas has successfully
rescued the others.
He lights the whole nest on fire, eliminating
the beasts’ eggs.
The group returns to the party to celebrate
their victory.
Unbeknownst to them, the creatures are escaping
out of another secret room deep inside the
military lab.
Like and Subscribe to watch more videos like
this, and don’t forget to turn on your notifications.
That really helps my channel.
Thanks for watching!